#Web Proyect

Objetivo:
Obtener una base de datos proveniente de 3 fuentes, que sean de al menos de dos tipos que icluyen: API, cvs o scraping.

Tema elegido:

Criptodivisas de diversas fuentes

Fuente 1: API de Bitso - https://api-dev.bitso.com/v3/ - No se obtiene información histótica

Fuente 2: CVS  - https://coinmetrics.io/data-downloads/
Bitcoin(BTC) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/btc.csv
Bitcoin Cash(BCH) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/bch.csv
Decenterland(MANA) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/mana.csv
Ethereum(ETH) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/eth.csv
Golem(GNT) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/gnt.csv
Litecoin(LTC) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/ltc.csv
Ripple(XRP) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/xrp.csv
TrueUSD (TUSD) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/tusd.csv
Basic Attention Token (BAT) - https://coinmetrics.io/newdata/bat.csv

La información obtenida de los csv fue la siguiente:
AdrActCnt - Addresses, active, count - The sum count of unique addresses that were active in the network (either as a recipient or originator of a ledger change) that day. All parties in a ledger change action (recipients and originators) are counted. Individual addresses are not double-counted if previously active.

BlkCnt -Block, count - The sum count of blocks created that day that were included in the main (base) chain.


BlkSizeMeanByte - Block, size, mean, bytes - The mean size (in bytes) of all blocks created that day.

CapMVRVCur - Capitalization, MVRV, current supply - The ratio of the sum USD value of the current supply to the sum "realized" USD value of the current supply.

CapMrktCurUSD - Capitalization, market, current supply, USD - The sum USD value of the current supply. Also referred to as network value or market capitalization.

CapRealUSD - Capitalization, realized, USD - The sum USD value based on the USD closing price on the day that a native unit last moved (i.e., last transacted) for all native units.

DiffMean - Difficulty, mean - The mean difficulty of finding a hash that meets the protocol-designated requirement (i.e., the difficulty of finding a new block) that day. The requirement is unique to each applicable cryptocurrency protocol. Difficulty is adjusted periodically by the protocol as a function of how much hashing power is being deployed by miners.

FeeMeanUSD - Fees, transaction, mean, USD - The USD value of the mean fee per transaction that day.

FeeMedUSD - Fees, transaction, median, USD - The USD value of the median fee per transaction that day.

FeeTotUSD - Fees, total, USD - The sum USD value of all fees paid to miners that day. Fees do not include new issuance.

HashRate - Hash rate, mean - The mean rate at which miners are solving hashes that interval. Hash rate is the speed at which computations are being completed across all miners in the network. The unit of measurement varies depending on the protocol.

IssContNtv - Issuance, continuous, native units - The sum of new native units issued that day. Only those native units that are issued by a protocol-mandated continuous emission schedule are included.

IssContPctAnn - Issuance, continuous, percent, annualized - The percentage of new native units (continuous) issued on that day, extrapolated to one year (i.e., multiplied by 365), and divided by the current supply on that day. Also referred to as the annual inflation rate.

IssTotUSD - Issuance, total, USD - The sum USD value of all new native units issued that day.

NVTAdj - NVTAdj - The ratio of the network value (or market capitalization, current supply) divided by the adjusted transfer value. Also referred to as NVT.

NVTAdj90 - NVTAdj90 - The ratio of the network value (or market capitalization, current supply) to the 90-day moving average of the adjusted transfer value. Also referred to as NVT.

PriceBTC - Price, BTC - The fixed closing price of the asset as of 00:00 UTC the following day (i.e., midnight UTC of the current day) denominated in BTC.

PriceUSD - Price, USD - The fixed closing price of the asset as of 00:00 UTC the following day (i.e., midnight UTC of the current day) denominated in USD. This price is generated by Coin Metrics' fixing/reference rate service.

SplyCur - Supply, current - The sum of all native units ever created and visible on the ledger (i.e., issued) as of that day. For account-based protocols, only accounts with positive balances are counted.

TxCnt - Transactions, count - The sum count of transactions that day. Transactions represent a bundle of intended actions to alter the ledger initiated by a user (human or machine). Transactions are counted whether they execute or not and whether they result in the transfer of native units or not (a transaction can result in no, one, or many transfers). Changes to the ledger mandated by the protocol (and not by a user) or post-launch new issuance issued by a founder or controlling entity are not included here.

TxTfr - Transactions, transfers, count - The sum count of transfers that day. Transfers represent movements of native units from one ledger entity to another distinct ledger entity. Only transfers that are the result of a transaction and that have a positive (non-zero) value are counted.

TxTfrValAdjNtv - Transactions, transfers, value, adjusted, native units - The sum of native units transferred that day removing noise and certain artifacts.

TxTfrValAdjUSD - Transactions, transfers, value, adjusted, USD - The USD value of the sum of native units transferred that day removing noise and certain artifacts.

TxTfrValMeanNtv - Transactions, transfers, value, mean, native units - The mean count of native units transferred per transaction (i.e., the mean "size" of a transaction) that day.

TxTfrValMeanUSD - Transactions, transfers, value, mean, USD - The sum USD value of native units transferred divided by the count of transfers (i.e., the mean "size" in USD of a transfer) that day.

TxTfrValMedNtv - Transactions, transfers, value, median, native units - The median count of native units transferred per transfer (i.e., the median "size" of a transfer) that day.

TxTfrValMedUSD - Transactions, transfers, value, median, USD - The median USD value transferred per transfer (i.e., the median "size" in USD of a transfer) that day.

TxTfrValNtv - Transactions, transfers, value, native units - The sum of native units transferred (i.e., the aggregate "size" of all transfers) that day.

TxTfrValUSD - Transactions, transfers, value, USD - The sum USD value of all native units transferred (i.e., the aggregate size in USD of all transfers) that day.

VtyDayRet180d - Volatility, daily returns, 180d - The 180D volatility, measured as the deviation of log returns

VtyDayRet30d - Volatility, daily returns, 30dVolatility, daily returns, 30d - The 30D volatility, measured as the deviation of log returns

VtyDayRet60d - Volatility, daily returns, 60d - The 60D volatility, measured as the deviation of log returns

Mas información en : https://coinmetrics.io/community-data-dictionary/


Fuente 3: Scrapping de Pagina "https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/decentraland/historical-data/?start=20130428&end=20200126"


Procesamiento de la información:

Se extrajo y limpio la información dejando como identicador de las columnas a la fecha, la cual se estandarizo en su formato del tipo yyyy-mm-dd para que el orden alfabético funcione como parámetro de ordenamiento temporal, sin necesidad de estbalecer un tipo de datos fecha




